Privacy Policy

We are committed to protect your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect via downloadable application (“App”).
Scope of Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to all the users of Drop box for kindle fire HD and Drop box for kindle fire on Amazon App Store.
User Consent
By downloading or using any App, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection and usage of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Our mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Customer Support
If you contact us with a question about our applications or with a support question, we may receive your email address or other information you provide. We use this information only to answer your questions or provide support to you. We may share your support information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.

Data Collection
We do not collect personal information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your address, phone number credit card or banking details.
(a) Data You Provide to Us.
	•	If you provide us feedback or contact us (for support, for example), we will collect Personal Data including your name (and e-mail address or other address you provide), as well as any other content included in the communication. We use this information to assist you with your query or support request and to send you communications.
	•	We collect your email address (if you choose to provide it while giving feedback), and we use it to send you the communications, including a newsletter, product updates, product announcements, and messages about products or services we think you may be interested in.
	•	When you provide comments on our social networking service accounts (like the Mercurial minds Face book page), we collect your information to communicate with you.
	•	We do not display potentially objectionable content, such as nudity, pornography, and profanity.

 
What & Why
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and protect our Services:
 
Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, payment info, billing address, and account activity. Some of our services let you access your accounts and your information with other service providers.
 
Services. Our Services are designed to make it simple for you to store Your Stuff and access it when it comes time for recertification. To make that possible, we store, process, and transmit Your Stuff—like files, messages, comments, and photos—as well as information related to it. This related information can be things like your profile information that makes it easier to collaborate and share Your Stuff with others.
Our Services provide you with different options for sharing Your Stuff.
 
You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you to do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite others to use the Services. If you do, we'll store those contacts on our servers for you to use.
 
Usage. We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take in your account (like sharing, editing, viewing, and moving files or folders). This helps us to better understand how the app gets used.
 
We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.

 
 
Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect and promote our Services. For example, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them based on that information.

Where
Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process and transmit information in the United States and locations around the world - including those outside your country. Information may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
 
Changes
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
 
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
 
Contact
Have questions or concerns about MCW, our Services and privacy? Contact us at m.hassan.wajih@gmail.com.

